In Tableau, there’s a superstore dataset that comes with it. This dashboard helps to evaluate the dataset.This data visualization tool helps to guide its users on how to develop better designs, tactics, and data arrangement strategies.
To first get started with the Sample Superstore, we will have to select a date range and region to coordinate our actions.
The dashboard comes in two formats: descriptive and prescriptive.
Once we have highlighted a region, we can select a sub-region as well. For example, if we have selected Europe as your region, you can highlight Scotland to filter the descriptive dashboard further.We can also set date formats, so you can choose to view performances by date granularity or year over year.
The Prescriptive dashboard will help users to get a clearer understanding of the Descriptive dashboard outputs.
Generally, the Superstore Sample dashboard is mainly used to analyze rises and falls in sales, profit margins, shipping periods, and many more.
Tableau is a popular data visualization tool that is used for business intelligence purposes.
Tableau dashboards are collections of all the different views and worksheets in one place for better analytics. 
There are different types of dashboards depending on the business questions that we want to answer.
For example, a typical Tableau dashboard can be one that is used by an operational team of a distribution center to see if the sales targets of the day are achieved. Such a dashboard will be different from the one used by the CEO of a company to see the performance of the different departments in the same organization.
In the case of the dashboard for the operational team, it may need to be updated with data that tells the number of orders every 10 minutes, whereas for the CEO’s dashboard, updating it only once a day may be sufficient.
If we are a managerialperson, one very important component of our career will be data. This is because data helps us to create a road map of every step we have made or are yet to do, so that you can prevent missteps in your interactions with clients.
If our client has had a bad service experience recently that you didn’t know about, or there’s a pending deal that we have lost track of, it is bound to cause problems for we along the way.The 360 view dashboard ameliorates this problem by letting us place all of our important sales indicators on one screen to give you a better understanding of your account.It lays out a detailed report of aspects of your business such as its structure, clients it has serviced or sold to, and how much revenue has been generated by different accounts.
It also helps to compare the figure for the current quota against previous quarters while serving as an advanced tool for sales executives to filter product reports and opportunities based on CRM data.
With this tool, senior sales leaders can sift through tons of data and get accurate conclusions without having to manually go through a voluminous amount of spreadsheet inputs.
The implication of this overview is that it will allow managerial executives to draw up new strategies quickly from the data without having to worry about a possibility of misinformation so that they can focus their attention on other areas where they are needed.
